So data races are one of your primary adversaries in concurrent programming,
and they can hide very effectively because they
do not show up every time a program is run.
Maybe only one from 100 runtime executions can show up the concurrency bug.
Now, here's a useful tip for you,
delaying threads using standard sleep for can help expose data races.
We are doing this in many examples in this section also follow sections,
and it's also useful for you during debugging.
One of the keys to thread safety as you have seen
is to use move semantics in conjunction with uniqueness.
It is the responsibility of you as a programmer to ensure that the pointers
through objects that are moved between threads are always unique.
Also, you have seen how we can override the copy constructor to
enable a proper deep copy of a proprietary data structure or class.
Let me give you one last piece of advice
regardless of the circumstances when one thread is writing,
and another one is reading,
and the data which they access has not been protected,
this is by definition a data race even if no faulty behavior seems to happen at the time.
Avoid this at all costs.
Also in the next lesson,
we will look at ways to properly protect share data so that data races will not happen.
But before we get there,
let's take a look at the lesson project.